

                                                                                                    Page 1 of 2
                            InterVision Recognized as AWS Lambda Service Delivery Partner




          InterVision Recognized as AWS Lambda Service Delivery Partner
                                                           PR Newswire
                                          October 31, 2024 Thursday 9:00 AM EST



Copyright 2024 PR Newswire Association LLC All Rights Reserved

Length: 457 words
Dateline: ST. LOUIS, Oct. 31, 2024

Body


PR NewswireST. LOUIS, Oct. 31, 2024 /PRNewswire/ --InterVision, a leading information technology (IT) managed
services provider, is proud to announce that it has achieved theAmazon Web Services (AWS) Service Delivery
designation for AWS Lambdaafter successfully delivering AWS services to customers including a deep portfolio of
related services â€” ranging from security-related disaster recovery and ransomware protection, assessment
services, cloud cost optimization, cloud-based virtual desktop infrastructure (VDI) and an assortment of migration
capabilities.

 The AWS Service Delivery and AWS Service Ready Programs enable AWS customers to identify AWS Partners
with experience and a deep understanding of specific AWS services and software solutions. These partners have
passed a rigorous technical validation to ensure they are following best practices with AWS Lambda and have
demonstrated proven customer success. "In today's artificial intelligence-driven landscape, the ability to quickly
deploy and scale intelligent solutions is crucial, and this designation demonstrates our expertise in building the
serverless foundations that power modern AI applications," said Brent Lazarenko, Head of AI Innovation at
InterVision. "This recognition allows us to better support our customers as they navigate the intersectionality of
cloud computing and AI, efficiently turning transformative ideas into reality."As an AWS Partner Network (APN)
member, InterVision 's AWS Service Delivery designation highlights its technical proficiency in implementing AWS
Lambda, and building or migrating solutions to a microservices architecture running on serverless
computing.InterVision holds over 125 AWS certifications and successfully delivers over 250 professional services.
AWS accreditations across seven disciplines reinforce InterVision 's commitment to helping customers meet their
goals.About InterVisionInterVision is a leading IT managed services provider, delivering and supporting cloud,
security and innovation for mid-to-enterprise and public sector organizations throughout the US. With 30 years of
experience and one of the most comprehensive solution portfolios, InterVision drives business outcomes with an
unparalleled focus on the customer and employee experience to help organizations be more competitive, compliant,
and secure. The company has headquarters in St. Louis with locations in Boston, Richmond, Roanoke,
Sacramento, San Francisco, Seattle, San Jose, Kosovo and India. Experience us atintervision.com.Media
Contact:PANBlast for InterVision
 View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/intervision-recognized-
as-aws-lambda-service-delivery-partner-302292379.htmlSOURCE InterVision


Load-Date: October 31, 2024

                                                                                  Page 2 of 2
                  InterVision Recognized as AWS Lambda Service Delivery Partner




